cdc: add changefeed level config about delete-only-output-handle-key-columns (#13881)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

#     {matcher = ['test6.*'], partition = "ts"}
# ]

> # The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format used when encoding messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format used for encoding messages.
```

# When the downstream is Kafka, the protocol can only be canal-json, avro, or open-protocol.
# When the downstream is a storage service, the protocol can only be canal-json or csv.
# Note: This configuration item only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
# protocol = "canal-json"

> # Starting from v7.2.0, the delete-only-output-handle-key-columns parameter specifies the output of Delete events. This parameter is valid only for canal-json and open-protocol protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Starting from v7.2.0, the `delete-only-output-handle-key-columns` parameter specifies the output of DELETE events. This parameter is valid only for canal-json and open-protocol protocols.
```

> # The default value is false, which means outputting all columns. When you set it to true, only the primary key columns or unique index columns are output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is false, which means outputting all columns. When you set it to true, only primary key columns or unique index columns are output.
```

# ]

> # The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format of the messages sent to the downstream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format used when encoding messages.
```

> # When the downstream is Kafka, the protocol can only be canal-json, avro or open-protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# When the downstream is Kafka, the protocol can only be canal-json, avro, or open-protocol.
```

# When the downstream is a storage service, the protocol can only be canal-json or csv.
# Note: This configuration item only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
# protocol = "canal-json"

> # Starting from v7.2.0, the delete-only-output-handle-key-columns parameter is used to specify the output content of the Delete event, and it is only valid for the canal-json and open-protocol protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Starting from v7.2.0, the delete-only-output-handle-key-columns parameter specifies the output of Delete events. This parameter is valid only for canal-json and open-protocol protocols.
```

> # The default value is false, which means outputting the contents of all columns. When set to true, only the contents of primary key columns or unique index columns # are output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The default value is false, which means outputting all columns. When you set it to true, only the primary key columns or unique index columns are output.
```

> # The Avro protocol is not controlled by this parameter and always outputs only the contents of primary key columns or unique index columns.
> # The CSV protocol is not controlled by this parameter and always outputs the contents of all columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The Avro protocol is not controlled by this parameter and always outputs only the primary key columns or unique index columns.
# The CSV protocol is not controlled by this parameter and always outputs all columns.
```
